Update index.md (#217)
AdobeDocs/commerce-pwa-studio: src/pages/metapackages/commerce/index.md

Author: The steps are common for the most part between open-source and commerce and might make sense to use the _includes for partials, if extending this in future.

-  Run a Magento installation with additional modules.
-  Develop locally using the standard git workflow.

You may need to ensure that there are no `Magento_*Pwa` modules listed as `disabled` when you run `bin/magento module:status`. If there are, [follow the docs on how to enable modules](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/build/component-management/).

> Note: You should expect to see the following modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following modules should now be enabled:
```

>     Magento_ContactGraphQlPwa

Reviewer: Remove indentation and wrap in code fences with bash language specified after first fence

```
```bash
```

Reviewer 2: I think `terminal` is a better code fence. This is command output.

Reviewer: Good cal @keharper. I didn't think "terminal" was supported, but it is.

    Magento_NewsletterGraphQlPwa
    Magento_PageBuilderPwa
    Magento_ReCaptchaGraphQlPwa
    Magento_ReCaptchaPwa
    Magento_UrlRewriteGraphQlPwa

>     *REVIEWER* I only have access to run the open source one, do we want to update this too? 

Author: I can't install the magento/pwa-commerce package, so this list will have to be provided :)

Reviewer: @nrdevau 

The only other module for commerce is `Magento_ContactGraphQlPwa`.

> At this point, you should see that all the PWA modules are now enabled.

Reviewer: Let's delete this line since it's similar to line 57.

-  Run a Magento installation with additional modules.
-  Develop locally using the standard git workflow.

> Please enure all of the required modules are enabled when you run `bin/magento module:status`. For assistance on how to do that, [follow the docs on how to enable modules](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/build/component-management/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that all of the required modules are enabled when you run `bin/magento module:status`. See, [Enable or disable a component](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/build/component-management/) in the _PHP Developer Guide_ for instructions.
```
